feature: allow passing custom bytecode (#71)
lukso-network/tools-lsp-factory: docs/deployment/contract-deployment-options.md

- `deployProxy?` - `boolean`: Whether the contract should be deployed using a proxy contract implementation (eg: [EIP1167](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1167)). Defaults to true.
- `libAddress?` - `string`: The Address of a Base Contract to be used in deployment as implementation behind a proxy contract (eg: [EIP1167](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1167)).

> This is an optional parameter and so may be omitted. If no contract deployment options are specified, `LSPFactory` will deploy a proxy contract which defers to a base contract implementation as per the [EIP1167](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1167) standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an optional parameter and so may be omitted. If no contract deployment options are specified, `LSPFactory` will deploy a **minimal proxy contract** based on the [EIP1167](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1167. The proxy contract will reference to an address of a base contract implementation already deployed on the network.
```

})
```

> Or if you want to use your custom bytecode for the KeyManager contract itself (rather than for a base contract behind a proxy), you can set deployProxy to `false`:

Reviewer: For consistency and clarity, let's use either:
- "**Key Manager**" if referring to the Key Manager in general.
- `LSP6KeyManager` if referring to the **actual contract**

> ```javascript title="Deploying a Universal Profile with a custom KeyManager base contract"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```javascript title="Deploying a Universal Profile with a custom Key Manager base contract"
```
